hauler airgap install instructions (#513)
rancher/rke2-docs: docs/install/airgap.md

:::

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Hauler Method">

## Hauler 

> You can also use the open source airgap tool [Hauler](https://docs.hauler.dev/docs/intro) to aggregate and transport the RKE2 artifacts. Follow the [Hauler installation instructions](https://docs.hauler.dev/docs/introduction/install), then proceed with the following steps. This pattern is repeatable for other artifacts you may want to bring into your airgapped environment.

Reviewer: I'd remove the "You can also..." because this is a tab and the user won't read the other options.
I'd also add that it requires one node to be connected to the internet (at least temporarily) 

And then I wonder if we should clearly clarify what it is. Isn't it a tool that allows to set up an OCI registry very quickly for Airgap env? To me `open source airgap tool` is too ambiguous :P

Author: adding more info, can expand more detail as needed too

> These steps assume you have already created nodes in your air-gap environment, are using the bundled containerd as the container runtime.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These steps assume you have already created nodes in your airgapped environment, are using the bundled containerd as the container runtime.
```

1. On your connected machine, download the tarball and add to your Hauler store. The tarball can be found in the RKE2 release artifacts for your desired version. 

```bash
hauler store add file rke2-images.linux-amd64.tar.zst
```
or 
```bash
hauler store add file https://github.com/rancher/rke2/releases/download/v1.34.5%2Brke2r1/rke2-images.linux-amd64.tar.zst
```

> 2. You may also add other artifacts you'd like to airgap to the [Hauler store](https://docs.hauler.dev/docs/hauler-usage/store/add/file). Add the install script and sha256sum file, you will need this to verify artifacts and run the install script on your airgapped node. 

Reviewer 2: Did you want to also show adding the install script to hauler, or was it intentional that you only added the binary tarball and checksum file?

```suggestion
2. You may also add other artifacts that will be needed on the airgapped host to the [Hauler store](https://docs.hauler.dev/docs/hauler-usage/store/add/file). For example, you could add the rke2 binary tarball and checksum file, which you will need to verify artifacts when running the install script.
```

```bash
hauler store add file https://github.com/rancher/rke2/releases/download/v1.34.5%2Brke2r1/rke2.linux-amd64.tar.gz

hauler store add file https://github.com/rancher/rke2/releases/download/v1.34.5%2Brke2r1/sha256sum-amd64.txt
```

3. Save the Hauler store to a file. The `--containerd` flag ensures the tarball is compatible if copied directly into containerd. 

```bash
hauler store save --filename haul.tar.zst --containerd
```

> 4. On your airgap machine with the Hauler CLI installed, and .tar.zst file available, load the stored content.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. On your airgapped host with the Hauler CLI installed, and .tar.zst file available, load the stored content.
```

```bash
hauler store load haul.tar.zst
```

> 5. You copy the Hauler store content directly to the images directory. For RKE2, ensure the directory `/var/lib/rancher/rke2/agent/images/` exists on the node. Then run:

Reviewer 2: Hauler won't create the output directory for you?

small nit on grammar.

```suggestion
5. Copy the Hauler store content directly to the images directory. For RKE2, ensure the directory `/var/lib/rancher/rke2/agent/images/` exists on the node, then run:
```

Author: not currently but I added an issue for this because that'd be a good enhancement

```bash

> hauler store copy dir://var/lib/rancher/rke2/agent/images/

Reviewer: This needs to be executed in all nodes of the cluster, right? Does that mean all nodes need hauler?

Author: yes that's correct, if you choose to use hauler store copy dir:// (you could use the tarball directly instead or populate private registry)
